HtmlEditor: add code to getSelection (#6325)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxHtmlEditor/3 Methods/getSelection().md

Pass **true** to focus the content field before getting the selected range. Otherwise, the method returns **null** if the content field doesn't have focus.

---

> For example, the following code snippet inserts text into the editor at the point where a cursor is located:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following code snippet inserts text into the editor at the the cursor's location:
```
